Image Store: Add support for using signed URLs when uploading images to GCS (#26840)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

Optional extra path inside bucket.

### enable_signed_urls

> If set to true, Grafana will create a [signed url](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/access-control/signed-urls] for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to true, Grafana creates a [signed url](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/access-control/signed-urls] for
```

the image uploaded to Google Cloud Storage.

### signed_url_expiration

> Sets the signed url expiration, which defaults to 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the signed URL expiration, which defaults to seven days.
```
